README.md, before:

# Cleanfy

![Banner](img/banner.png)

Repo created for DH purposes

---

#### Products:

- Lavandina
- Toilet cleaner
- Toilet cleaner
- Antibacterial Cleaner
- Glass cleaner
- Floor cleaner
- Detergents for washing clothes
- Fabric softener
- Dishwashing liquid
- Stain remover
- Liquid soap or hand sanitizer

---

#### Target Public:

> What **Cleanfy** offers is all kinds of cleaning supplies for ***homes***, ***businesses***, ***shopping***, etc. We have a wide variety of items with wholesale and retail sale.

---

#### Members:

- *Ivan Diaz*
- *Mateo Domian*
- *Nicolas Andres Calvo*
- *Ivo Fiorentino*

---

#### Reference Links:

- [Neo Clean](https://www.neo-clean.com.ar/).
- [Limsis](https://www.limsis.online/).
- [Limpos](https://limpos.com.ar/).
- [Mercado Libre](https://mercadolibre.com.ar).
- [Le Meridian](https://www.lemeridiansrl.com/).

---

#### Workspace Table

To access our board please ingress to the following link [Trello](https://trello.com/proyectointegrador153).

---

Commit message:

Add url link to access production

README.md, after:

# Cleanfy

![Banner](img/banner.png)

Repo created for DH purposes

#### Production URL:

To access our site please use the following [link](https://cleanfy.herokuapp.com/).

---

#### Products:

- Lavandina
- Toilet cleaner
- Toilet cleaner
- Antibacterial Cleaner
- Glass cleaner
- Floor cleaner
- Detergents for washing clothes
- Fabric softener
- Dishwashing liquid
- Stain remover
- Liquid soap or hand sanitizer

---

#### Target Public:

> What **Cleanfy** offers is all kinds of cleaning supplies for ***homes***, ***businesses***, ***shopping***, etc. We have a wide variety of items with wholesale and retail sale.

---

#### Members:

- *Ivan Diaz*
- *Mateo Domian*
- *Nicolas Andres Calvo*
- *Ivo Fiorentino*

---

#### Reference Links:

- [Neo Clean](https://www.neo-clean.com.ar/).
- [Limsis](https://www.limsis.online/).
- [Limpos](https://limpos.com.ar/).
- [Mercado Libre](https://mercadolibre.com.ar).
- [Le Meridian](https://www.lemeridiansrl.com/).

---

#### Workspace Table

To access our board please ingress to the following link [Trello](https://trello.com/proyectointegrador153).

---
